[PDF page 1] 1). Do you believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism on the [Right or Left], including in your own party? How do you propose to address this issue? Yes. There is a deeply concerning rise of anti-semitism happening now. This increase is especially troubling within our political system in general but especially on the right. Recently, the right’s embrace of anti-semitism and racism led to the January 6th insurrection at the U.S. Capitol. This cannot and should not be tolerated. As a starting point, I would establish an Advisory Council on Jewish Affairs to inform and advise me on the best way forward to directly address anti-semitism in our communities and in our culture, and establish policy and harness the mechanisms for change to eliminate this alarming national increase of anti-semitism. Ohio’s 11th Congressional District is a rich tapestry of cultural diversity which includes the largest Jewish communities in the state. These shared experiences must be respected, heard and embraced as we combat this insidious threat. 2). Do you think a two-state solution will facilitate peace between Israelis and Palestinians? If so, what are the basic parameters? If not a two-state solution, what do you suggest? What do you agree or disagree with about the Trump peace plan? America must continue to encourage a two state solution towards peace. It is unfortunate that the Trump Administration eschewed collaboration and trust between the two groups because resentment and anger have taken their place. In the short term, we must continue to urge diplomacy and continue to encourage and facilitate good faith negotiations that are equitable for both sides and assure the security and safety for everyone. In the long term, we must live up to mutually agreed upon decisions and focus our work towards economic and social justice for those affected. 3). Why would you re-enter or stay out of the JCPOA with Iran? If re-enter, under what conditions or changes? How should the United States deal with the Iranian government on an ongoing basis? Should the U.S. military maintain a presence in the Middle East? President Joe Biden has promised to re-enter the JCPOA if Iran returns to strict compliance with the agreement. Our clear mission must be to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. I urge President Biden to not wait for Iran to voluntarily return to compliance.

[PDF page 2] This strict compliance is an urgent issue because there are valid concerns that the Iranian government has continued to build their nuclear capability and this is a threat to the region and the world. This immediate threat is destabilizing the entire Middle Eastern region and potentially weakens and undermines our credibility not only in negotiations with Iran but even with our own allies. Yes, we need to maintain a military presence in the Middle East for the safety and security of the United States and for the stability of the region. This stability is in the national security interests of our strongest ally in the region, Israel. While not perfect, the JCPOA is a starting point for further negotiations and work can be done to strengthen and extend its provisions. It is a necessary bulwark against Iran’s nuclear capabilities and threats and a preemptive measure against other countries who may be tempted to build nuclear capabilities or use them under pressure. 4). Should the U.S. increase, maintain or decrease the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries in the Middle East? Should the U.S. condition its aid for specific results? What does the U.S. benefit from its relationship with Israel? The U.S. should continue its aid to Israel and the aid should not be conditional on specific results. I support all necessary assistance to other countries. The United States must ensure sufficient foreign assistance to those countries we deem necessary and appropriate not only for their economic interests but also for our security interests. I encourage all diplomacy and negotiation toward the sustainability of these efforts. I will seek to strengthen relationships between the U.S. and Israel.
