[PDF page 1] 1). Do you believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism on the [Right or Left], including in your own party? How do you propose to address this issue? I believe there is a concerning spike in antisemitism internationally and domestically. The massacres in communities from Pittsburgh to Poway are rooted in antisemitism and are very concerning. I also oppose the global BDS movement which uses antisemitic rhetoric and arguments to weaken, isolate, and delegitimize Israel. Hate crimes undermine our democracy and must be rooted out. I support the No HATE Act, which gives local law enforcement better tools to combat hate crimes and improve reporting. Generally, we must improve the reporting and prosecution of hate crimes, and aggressively address white nationalism. I also believe we need to rebuild a culture where leaders call out hate and antisemitism, and invest more in Holocaust education. 2). Do you think a two-state solution will facilitate peace between Israelis and Palestinians? If so, what are the basic parameters? If not a two-state solution, what do you suggest? What do you agree or disagree with about the Trump peace plan? I support a two-state solution to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians. Peace must be negotiated between the two parties and they must be invested in its success. Accordingly, the Trump peace plan was destined to fail because a durable resolution cannot be imposed on the Israelis and Palestinians. However, I appreciate that the Trump peace plan reiterated the United States’ commitment to a two-state solution. 3). Why would you re-enter or stay out of the JCPOA with Iran? If re-enter, under what conditions or changes? How should the United States deal with the Iranian government on an ongoing basis? Should the U.S. military maintain a presence in the Middle East? Iran must not be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. I support President Biden’s efforts to get a “longer and stronger” nuclear agreement with Iran. In Congress, I will be following his efforts closely and will encourage his administration to reach a deal that addresses the shortcomings of the JCPOA, including its failure to address Iran’s ballistic missile program or Iran’s support for regional terrorist proxies like Hezbollah and Hamas. The deal’s sunset provisions must also be extended to prevent Iran’s import and export of sophisticated weapons and prevent further development of nuclear capabilities. 4). Should the U.S. increase, maintain or decrease the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries in the Middle East? Should the U.S. condition its aid for specific results? What does the U.S. benefit from its relationship with Israel?

[PDF page 2] As a member of congress, I will support the annual foreign aid bill and its provisions providing military aid to Israel. I support the 10-year Memorandum of Understanding between the U.S. and Israel that was negotiated by the Obama Administration, which provides $3.8 billion in annual military funding, including $500 million for missile defense. I oppose conditioning our aid to Israel for specific results. The United States of America and Israel have a deep, special, and unbreakable bond based on shared principles and values. We benefit from our relationship with Israel in countless ways. For instance, American investment in Israel’s Iron Dome system has saved countless Israeli lives and is now deployed to protect our own U.S. servicemembers. In addition, Israel’s expertise in renewable energy, water resource management, and environmental security also make it a valuable partner for the United States and are areas for further cooperation.
