[PDF page 1] 1). Do you believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism on the [Right or Left], including in your own party? How do you propose to address this issue? I do believe that antisemitism does exist within both parties. Primarily it is seen more often from the right. Either way leaders must speak up in public and be clear that such hate is unacceptable. Additionally, security of key potential targets in our communities must be upgraded and supported. Grants and other assistance should be provided to strengthen the security of Jewish institutions and organizations that will protect individuals. We must also enforce our hate laws against anyone involved in threats and violence. 2). Do you think a two-state solution will facilitate peace between Israelis and Palestinians? If so, what are the basic parameters? If not a two-state solution, what do you suggest? What do you agree or disagree with about the Trump peace plan? Yes. I do believe in a two-state solution based on a negotiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict resulting in two states—a democratic Jewish State of Israel, and a viable, democratic Palestinian state—living side-by-side in peace, security, and mutual recognition. I don't agree with the Trump plan. The Palestinians were not involved in the plan’s drafting and they have to be at the table to ensure a peace plan that can be supported and sustained. 3). Why would you re-enter or stay out of the JCPOA with Iran? If re-enter, under what conditions or changes? How should the United States deal with the Iranian government on an ongoing basis? Should the U.S. military maintain a presence in the Middle East? I would re-enter the JCPOA with Iran. Iran under the deal had accepted significant limitations on its nuclear program that would prevent them from developing nuclear weapons. President Biden has stated he will re-enter if Iran follows strict compliance. I agree. We should deal directly with Iran and enforce their compliance through sanctions. We should maintain a presence in the Middle East. 4). Should the U.S. increase, maintain or decrease the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries in the Middle East? Should the U.S. condition its aid for specific results? What does the U.S. benefit from its relationship with Israel? We should maintain the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries. The funding to Israel should go without conditions. However, the United States should work to move parties in the direction of pursuing a two-state solution and discourage any use

[PDF page 2] of our aid on anything away from that approach. We benefit in many ways in our relationship with Israel. It is important to have a democratic state in the Middle East. We benefit culturally, economically and academically.
