[PDF page 1] 1). Do you believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism on the [Right or Left], including in your own party? How do you propose to address this issue? Yes, I do believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism and it probably has little to do with Left or Right as much as it does with the thirst for control and the need for power. 2). Do you think a two-state solution will facilitate peace between Israelis and Palestinians? If so, what are the basic parameters? If not a two-state solution, what do you suggest? What do you agree or disagree with about the Trump peace plan? Facilitating a two-state solution will perhaps be a beginning, as it was years ago, and that facilitation has grown into nothing more than a suggestion. A two-state solution would establish “real” parameters, thus establishing “real” autonomy allowing Palestine the ability to grow militarily among other things. However, if Israel wants to maintain its strong strategic military position in the middle east, then maybe a two-state solution is not a solution. 3). Why would you re-enter or stay out of the JCPOA with Iran? If re-enter, under what conditions or changes? How should the United States deal with the Iranian government on an ongoing basis? Should the U.S. military maintain a presence in the Middle East? I would re-enter into the JCPOA with Iran because the agreement would hopefully curb Tehran’s nuclear arsenal. The conditions I would place on re-entering the P5+1 would happen only if Tehran would agree to the original agreement (relevant to the amount of uranium) and again agree to abandoning any attempts to create a nuclear arsenal. In addition there should be a full scale and thorough inspections of Tehran’s plants by the P5+1 before a final agreement is signed. 4). Should the U.S. increase, maintain or decrease the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries in the Middle East? Should the U.S. condition its aid for specific results? What does the U.S. benefit from its relationship with Israel? The U. S. has steadily increased the amount of foreign aid to Israel over the past decades without any objections by U. S. or its representatives. So, a decrease in its foreign aid or maintaining the aid at its current level, especially considering the current tension in the area, neither one of the choices is realistic. Israel’s strategic position in the Middle East, in addition to its world power of military strength allows it to have a strong voice in all decisions made about its position. Yes, I do believe U S should

[PDF page 2] condition its aid for specific results as long as our position of power is not compromised as it would be if Israel were not our ally.
