[PDF page 1] 1). Do you believe there is a concerning rise of antisemitism on the [Right or Left], including in your own party? How do you propose to address this issue? Antisemitism has been around much longer than people have used the terms “left” and “right. ” There is no question that we saw a rise in antisemitism under the Trump administration. I was devastated by the horrific shooting in Pittsburgh and the antisemitism spewed by white supremacists in Charlottesville. I was just as appalled by our government’s role in encouraging hate and violence. We cannot stand for a leader who encourages hate and systematic oppression again. For the past four years, the Department of Justice has not taken white supremacist violence and extremism seriously, and I’m looking forward to working with the Biden administration to change that. We need to call out hate wherever we see it, whether that is antisemitism, racism, Islamophobia or any form of senseless discrimination. 2). Do you think a two-state solution will facilitate peace between Israelis and Palestinians? If so, what are the basic parameters? If not a two-state solution, what do you suggest? What do you agree or disagree with about the Trump peace plan? I’ve always supported a two-state solution because it respects both people’s right to self-determination and to live in peace and security. I am a person who stands for justice, human rights and equality for every single person. Security and justice for Israelis and security and justice for Palestinians are two sides of the same coin – you don’t get one without the other. Both are equal people in God’s eyes, and both deserve the same. I did not support or agree with Trump’s peace plan. The plan eschewed decades of good-faith leadership by bipartisan U.S. administrations to work with Israelis and Palestinians toward a two-state solution. Instead, the plan gave a green light to far-right forces in Israel and toward annexing large swaths of the West Bank. This move undermined the two-state solution, Israeli democracy, Palestinian human rights and decades of American foreign policy. 3). Why would you re-enter or stay out of the JCPOA with Iran? If re-enter, under what conditions or changes? How should the United States deal with the Iranian government on an ongoing basis? Should the U.S. military maintain a presence in the Middle East? The Iran Deal was a tremendous foreign policy accomplishment by the Obama administration that successfully prevented Iran from developing nuclear weapons. The Trump administration should have never reneged on the agreement. I am in full support of the U.S. re-entering the JCPOA as part of our effort to rebuild confidence in

[PDF page 2] the U.S. government amongst our allies abroad. Once we’ve reentered the agreement and begun to reestablish credibility with our partners abroad, we should build upon the JCPOA and continue to use a diplomacy-first approach to curb Iran’s threatening behavior. My approach to foreign policy will always put diplomacy first before military engagement. Like President Biden has said repeatedly since taking office, the State Department and American diplomacy are the backbone of our foreign policy. I look forward to working with the Biden administration to make sure our foreign officers are supported. 4). Should the U.S. increase, maintain or decrease the amount of foreign aid to Israel and other countries in the Middle East? Should the U.S. condition its aid for specific results? What does the U.S. benefit from its relationship with Israel? I support having honest conversations about our government’s role in supporting human rights and civil rights at home and abroad. I think our foreign policy should be aligned with our values domestically. That’s why I support assistance for Israel for the legitimate security threats it faces. I also support continued humanitarian aid to the Palestinians and was glad to see the Biden administration reinstate that aid. Our government has routinely used our aid as leverage to advance our values. I believe that our aid to governments abroad should be consistent with our values. When it comes to Israel-Palestine, this was something that President Reagan and President George H.W. Bush also understood. I don’t believe any taxpayer money should be going toward entrenching the occupation of the Palestinian territories, settlement expansion, the detention of children or annexation. These activities actively harm our goal of a two-state solution, and our government should not support it. I have been alarmed by our government’s military aid to Saudi Arabia and Egypt. We should condition our aid to align with significant advances in human rights in both countries. Our government should have played no role in supporting Saudi Arabia’s horrific war against the Yemeni people.
