Chicago Democratic Socialists of America Endorses Anthony Clark for Congress in the IL 7th District – Chicago DSA
Toggle navigation
Home
Events
About Us
FAQ
Endorsements
Coalitions
Join Us
Donate
Media
Podcast
Midwest Socialist
Search for:
Chicago Democratic Socialists of America Endorses Anthony Clark for Congress in the IL 7th District
Posted
February 22nd, 2018
By
Chicago DSA Communications
|
Categories
Electoral
Latest News
Chicago Democratic Socialists of America (CDSA) is pleased to announce our endorsement of Anthony Clark, candidate for Congress in the Illinois 7th Congressional District. As a teacher, community organizer, and veteran, Clark has demonstrated a commitment to building a just and equitable society, and combating the power and policies of the political and economic elite that dominates the U.S. today.
Anthony Clark has brought a much-needed spotlight to Chicago’s West Side Communities. In 2016, Clark founded the Suburban Unity Alliance to unite people from Chicago’s diverse suburbs in the fight against all forms of discrimination. He has received local recognition for his community involvement.
Like CDSA, Clark advocates for raising the minimum wage, collective bargaining, and Medicare for All. He also supports the legalization of marijuana. Free access to publicly-funded higher education is a crucial issue for Clark, who sees access to college as a right, not a privilege based on family income. He has promised to work for an end to privatized prison systems, the abolition of prison labor, and the cash bail system.
In light of these positions, we are proud to endorse Democratic Socialist Anthony Clark for Congress.
‪Learn more about Anthony Clark: https://anthonyclark2018.com‬
Share this:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Related
Post navigation
Previous
Previous post:
CDSA Endorses Carlos Ramirez-Rosa Campaign
Next
Next post:
Adriana & Mimi’s Bowl-a-Thon Story
Get in Touch
The greater Chicago chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America.
773.384.0327
3411 W. Diversey Ave, Room 7, Chicago
IL 60647
Latest News
This Week in the CDSA (August 4 – August 11)
August 4, 2019
This Week in the CDSA (July 21-July 28)
July 21, 2019
This Week In The CDSA (July 15-21)
July 14, 2019
Latest Tweets
Could not authenticate you.