Endorsements – Chicago DSA
Toggle navigation
Home
Events
About Us
FAQ
Endorsements
Coalitions
Join Us
Donate
Media
Podcast
Midwest Socialist
Search for:
Endorsements
Sign-up here and help elect a
Socialist Caucus to the Chicago City Council
Current Endorsements
Jeanette Taylor, 20th Ward
Jeanette is a proud mother and grandmother. She lives in Woodlawn with her husband and two teenage children. She:
Led the 34-day hunger strike that forced Rahm Emanuel to keep Dyett High School open
Took on U of C administrators, standing with the youth organizers to win a new adult trauma center for the south side
Is fighting to bring a Community Benefits Agreement Ordinance to stop displacement from the area around the Obama Center—so that working families can find housing they can afford and get jobs in our community.
Jeanette is the only candidate in the ward with a track record of taking on Rahm Emanuel and winning. As alderman, she will stand up to greedy developers and special interests and fight every day for the dignity and respect that we deserve.
Donate
Byron Sigcho-Lopez, 25th Ward
Bryon Sigcho Lopez is an immigrant who like so many who came to Chicago before him, made Pilsen his home. Byron was working as an adult education teacher and volunteer youth soccer coach at his neighborhood public school, Pilsen Academy, when he became involved with Pilsen Alliance in the campaign to save 130 Chicago public schools slated for closure by Mayor Rahm Emanuel. Byron remained involved with the Pilsen Alliance and in 2015, began serving as the Executive Director.
As a community leader, Byron worked side by side with immigrant parents, neighborhood youth, small business owners, and community residents to engage in struggle for values that the residents who call the 25th Ward home stand united for: fully funded public schools, affordable housing, fair taxation, social, economic, environmental, immigration, and racial justice.
Byron serves as the President of the Hispanic Literacy Council, as a board member of the Metropolitan Tenants Organization, is the Community Representative on the Local School Council at Whittier Elementary in Pilsen, is an active member of Local 73, and a member of the Chicago Democratic Socialists of America.
Byron earned a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Mathematics from Cumberland University in Tennessee, and a Master’s in Economics from the University of Illinois at Chicago. He is currently completing his PhD in Policy Studies in Urban Education from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Donate
Rossana Rodriguez-Sanchez, 33rd Ward
Rossana Rodriguez is a mother, youth educator, and community activist seeking to become an independent, progressive alderman in Chicago’s 33rd Ward. She has spent the last decade working with youth and families in Albany Park.
Originally from Puerto Rico, Rossana attended her first demonstration at the age of six, when her neighborhood of Mariana waged a successful battle for public access to drinking water. Since then she has become a fierce advocate for public education, fighting against privatization and school closings in Puerto Rico and in Chicago. As a resident of Albany Park and founding member of 33rd Ward Working Families, Rossana has also been a leader in the fights for rent control and immigrant rights in the ward.
Her career as an educator includes eight years as a director and mentor in a nationally acclaimed youth theater company in Albany Park, where she guided high school students to fulfill their artistic and academic potential.
Rossana holds a BA in Theater Education and an MA in Applied Theater. She lives in Albany Park with her partner Bob, son Marcel, and their scruffy terrier, Louie.
Donate
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa, 35th Ward (Incumbent)
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa is a lifelong Chicagoan who has worked to put our neighborhoods and working families first as a community organizer, congressional caseworker, and now Thirty-Fifth Ward Alderman.
As a community organizer with the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights, Carlos worked to keep families safe from deportation and win President Obama’s historic executive action to fix immigration. As a congressional caseworker in the office of U.S. Congressman Luis Gutierrez, Carlos helped seniors, veterans, and families cut through government red tape and he streamlined the delivery of constituent services. As our Alderman, Carlos has promoted inclusion and transparency in all of his work, and worked to make sure city resources benefit local neighborhoods instead of big corporations.
Serving as our Thirty-Fifth Ward Alderman since May 2015, Carlos has led legislative efforts to win property tax relief for working class homeowners, paid sick leave for Chicago workers, equality for transgender people in public facilities, and accountability and transparency on municipal financial transactions. He is working to ensure Chicago is a city that welcomes and integrates immigrants, and he is fighting to return surplus TIF dollars to neighborhood public schools.
Carlos is the first openly gay Latino elected to the Chicago City Council. He is a proud product of our public schools, having received his high school diploma from Chicago’s Whitney M. Young Magnet High School, and his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Donate
Andre Vasquez, 40th Ward
Chicago born and raised, the son of immigrant parents, Andre Vasquez understands the values of hard work and common purpose that make our city great. Our diversity of backgrounds and experience are united by a shared vision for real change in local government, investment in our neighborhoods, and a brighter future for our kids.
This sense of purpose has driven Andre to engage with his neighbors where they are: focused on solutions, energized to organize and build community, ready to make a difference. He understand that our vibrant citizenry already has all the tools it needs to lead this transformational change, and are lacking only leaders who are ready to listen to those they represent.
Andre has real-life experience outside the political system. He understands how to work collaboratively, set goals, and get things done. As a husband and father of two young children, Andre is invested in the fight for better schools, city services, and the right allocation of resources in our city government.
He’s been leading the call for progressive change with organizing meetings, block parties, and listening sessions. He’s heard what neighbors in the 40th Ward have to say, and it’s this: It’s time we stopped dividing our neighborhoods and settling for less from our leaders. It’s time we demand the type of transparent and accountable local government we deserve.
When we stand together as neighbors, building an engaged, grassroots community of citizens, we have the power to make that change real. Together, we can build a city that works for everyone. Let’s start here in the 40th Ward. Let’s build a movement designed not just to win an election, but to leave a legacy of sustainable governance, and create a model for other Chicago neighborhoods to follow.
Andre Vasquez is running for Alderman because he believes that this is Our Ward, and Our Moment. He’s running because it’s our time to take our city back.
Donate
Tim Thomas, Village of Oak Park Trustee
Tim Thomas is a native of Indianapolis, Indiana. He relocated to Illinois in 2003 to work for the Service Employees International Union and eventually settled in Oak Park in 2011. Tim is a graduate of Vincennes University.
Tim Thomas has been an activist for social justice, civic engagement and progressive politics for over 20 years. He has been an advocate for fair tax policy, immigration reform, workers’ rights, restorative justice, aging in place and mental health reform.
Tim is a longtime union leader and activist, serving in several elected and appointed positions with local chapters of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and the United Auto Workers (UAW), two unions well known and respected for their commitment to advancing progressive goals and economic justice in America. Tim is currently employed at Ford Motor Company as a Global Ford Production Systems Coordinator, coaching continuous improvement standards.
Tim is also a member of Chicago’s Westside NAACP, an executive board member and policy chair of Americans for Democratic Action (America’s oldest liberal policy organization), a former Chair of West Cook Democracy for America, and a member of A. Philip Randolph Institute, West Cook Democratic Socialists of America, and Coalition of Black Trade Unionists.
Donate
Candidates for office seeking Chicago DSA’s endorsement should
fill out this form
to begin the endorsement process by 12/31/18.
Candidates who apply for endorsement will receive our candidate questionnaire (due 1/5/19). After they return their answers, the Electoral Working Group will vote on whether to interview candidates. Selected candidates will be interviewed by the Electoral Working Group by 1/13/19. The Electoral Working Group will vote on recommending an endorsement by 1/16/19, then the Executive Committee of Chicago DSA will also vote on recommending an endorsement. If a candidate receives one recommendation, they move on to a vote by the full membership by 2/6/19. A 2/3 vote to endorse by the membership is needed to receive an endorsement.
Latest Tweets
Could not authenticate you.
Get in Touch
The greater Chicago chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America.
773.384.0327
3411 W. Diversey Ave, Room 7, Chicago
IL 60647
Latest News
Chicago Democratic Socialists Win 3, Maybe 4 Seats on City Council With Historic Election Night
April 3, 2019
This Week in the CDSA (March 31 – April 7)
March 31, 2019
Chicago DSA Stands in Solidarity with #StopLightfoot
March 28, 2019
Latest Tweets