Endorsements – Chicago DSA
Toggle navigation
Home
Events
About Us
FAQ
Endorsements
Join Us
Donate
Media
Podcast
Midwest Socialist
Search for:
Endorsements
Current Endorsements
Byron Sigcho-Lopez, 25th Ward
Bryon Sigcho Lopez is an immigrant who like so many who came to Chicago before him, made Pilsen his home. Byron was working as an adult education teacher and volunteer youth soccer coach at his neighborhood public school, Pilsen Academy, when he became involved with Pilsen Alliance in the campaign to save 130 Chicago public schools slated for closure by Mayor Rahm Emanuel. Byron remained involved with the Pilsen Alliance and in 2015, began serving as the Executive Director.
As a community leader, Byron worked side by side with immigrant parents, neighborhood youth, small business owners, and community residents to engage in struggle for values that the residents who call the 25th Ward home stand united for: fully funded public schools, affordable housing, fair taxation, social, economic, environmental, immigration, and racial justice.
Byron serves as the President of the Hispanic Literacy Council, as a board member of the Metropolitan Tenants Organization, is the Community Representative on the Local School Council at Whittier Elementary in Pilsen, is an active member of Local 73, and a member of the Chicago Democratic Socialists of America.
Byron earned a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Mathematics from Cumberland University in Tennessee, and a Master’s in Economics from the University of Illinois at Chicago. He is currently completing his PhD in Policy Studies in Urban Education from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Volunteer
Donate
Rossana Rodriguez-Sanchez, 33rd Ward
Rossana Rodriguez is a mother, youth educator, and community activist seeking to become an independent, progressive alderman in Chicago’s 33rd Ward. She has spent the last decade working with youth and families in Albany Park.
Originally from Puerto Rico, Rossana attended her first demonstration at the age of six, when her neighborhood of Mariana waged a successful battle for public access to drinking water. Since then she has become a fierce advocate for public education, fighting against privatization and school closings in Puerto Rico and in Chicago. As a resident of Albany Park and founding member of 33rd Ward Working Families, Rossana has also been a leader in the fights for rent control and immigrant rights in the ward.
Her career as an educator includes eight years as a director and mentor in a nationally acclaimed youth theater company in Albany Park, where she guided high school students to fulfill their artistic and academic potential.
Rossana holds a BA in Theater Education and an MA in Applied Theater. She lives in Albany Park with her partner Bob, son Marcel, and their scruffy terrier, Louie.
‘
Volunteer
Donate
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa, 35th Ward (Incumbent)
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa is a lifelong Chicagoan who has worked to put our neighborhoods and working families first as a community organizer, congressional caseworker, and now Thirty-Fifth Ward Alderman.
As a community organizer with the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights, Carlos worked to keep families safe from deportation and win President Obama’s historic executive action to fix immigration. As a congressional caseworker in the office of U.S. Congressman Luis Gutierrez, Carlos helped seniors, veterans, and families cut through government red tape and he streamlined the delivery of constituent services. As our Alderman, Carlos has promoted inclusion and transparency in all of his work, and worked to make sure city resources benefit local neighborhoods instead of big corporations.
Serving as our Thirty-Fifth Ward Alderman since May 2015, Carlos has led legislative efforts to win property tax relief for working class homeowners, paid sick leave for Chicago workers, equality for transgender people in public facilities, and accountability and transparency on municipal financial transactions. He is working to ensure Chicago is a city that welcomes and integrates immigrants, and he is fighting to return surplus TIF dollars to neighborhood public schools.
Carlos is the first openly gay Latino elected to the Chicago City Council. He is a proud product of our public schools, having received his high school diploma from Chicago’s Whitney M. Young Magnet High School, and his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Volunteer
Donate
Candidates for office seeking Chicago DSA’s endorsement should
fill out this form
to begin the endorsement process.
Candidates who apply for endorsement will receive our candidate questionnaire. After they return their answers, the Electoral Working Group will vote on whether to interview candidates. Selected candidates will be interviewed by the Electoral Working Group. The Electoral Working Group will vote on recommending an endorsement, then the Executive Committee of Chicago DSA will also vote on recommending an endorsement. If a candidate receives one recommendation, they move on to a vote by the full membership. A 2/3 vote to endorse by the membership is needed to receive an endorsement.
Latest Tweets
Could not authenticate you.
Get in Touch
The greater Chicago chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America.
773.384.0327
3411 W. Diversey Ave, Room 7, Chicago
IL 60647
Latest News
This Week in the CDSA (November 11 – November 18)
November 11, 2018
This Week in the CDSA (November 4 – November 11)
November 4, 2018
This Week in the CDSA (October 28 – November 4)
October 28, 2018
Latest Tweets