2020 Post-Election Update – Chicago DSA
Toggle navigation
Home
Events
Our Work
Campaigns
Working Groups
Coalitions
About
Who We Are
FAQ
Join / Donate
Podcast
Magazine
Store
Search for:
2020 Post-Election Update
Posted
November 2nd, 2020
By
Roger
|
Categories
Uncategorized
Statement from DSA
We’ve known for months that the winner of this year’s election wasn’t going to make our priorities their focus. It is now more important than ever that we make the case for our vision of the world, one in which human dignity is prioritized. As a national organization we will continue our efforts to grow and strengthen our connections between chapters, fighting for a world where survival is decommodified and working class people can thrive. On the local level we are expanding our housing justice work, taking on the corrupt business interests that control our power grid and demanding a budget that moves money from the bloated CPD budget to services that help people.
This is just the beginning for us.
Mass Actions
November 4
and
November 7
A wide range of leftist organizations and unions, under the umbrella of the Illinois Election Defense Action Council (IEDAC), have called for two mass actions after the election. We may not know who the winner of the election is by that time, but we will know that—whoever they are—they will not be champions of the working class. We will show up because we know that whether it is the white nationalism of Trump, or the neoliberalism of Biden, we will have a fight on our hands to build the world we deserve.
Chicago DSA has endorsed the
Wednesday,
November 4 Rally to Defend the Election
. The rally will begin with a short program at
Daley Plaza at 5 pm
, followed by a march (approximately 2 miles) to a final congregation point. If you plan to attend, the organizers have asked that you text “We defend” to 787753 for updates in the event of police interference or other last minute changes. Chicago DSA has also endorsed the follow-up action on
Saturday, November 7
.
That action will start at
Union Park at 1 pm
.
We encourage all members to show up if they can safely do so. Comrades will be in attendance collecting contact information from attendees for follow-up about CDSA and our campaigns. More information for members to pass literature and collect petition signatures at the action will be available on the chapter Slack
.
If you are not able to attend in person, keep an eye on the chapter Slack for how you can provide support from home. Not sure what the chapter Slack is? Email
[email protected]
.
Post Election Branch Meetings and Chapter Meeting
Over the next few weeks, all of our geographic branches will be holding branch-wide meetings to discuss the outcomes of the election and what comes next for us as socialists. This will lead up to a chapter-wide call (details TBD, keep an eye on your emails and chicagodsa.org/events). Our ongoing work of Defund CPD, Democratize ComEd, and Lifting the Ban on Rent Control continues as pivotal moments quickly approach through the end of the year with the city budget fight, the ILGA Veto Session, the city’s contract with ComEd, and ongoing organizing to support a socialist movement in our workplaces, streets, and homes.
Will you join your geographic branch meeting? Register for your branch meeting’s zoom call at the hyperlinked registration. Not sure which geographic branch you belong to? Check out
this map
.
🌹
Northside Red Line Branch Meeting: Monday, November 9th at 7 pm
🌹
Northside Blue Line Branch Meeting: Monday, November 9th at 7 pm
🌹
West Cook Branch Meeting: Sunday, November 8th at 1 pm
🌹
Southside Branch Meeting: Monday, November 9th at 7 pm
Meeting details can always be found at
chicagodsa.org/events
.
Still Not a DSA Member?
What are you waiting for? Join us
today
.
Have questions? Email us at
[email protected]
Post navigation
Previous
Previous post:
This Week In The Chicago DSA (March 8 – 15)
Get in Touch
The greater Chicago chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America.
773.384.0327
3411 W. Diversey Ave, Room 7, Chicago
IL 60647
Latest News
2020 Post-Election Update
November 2, 2020
This Week In The Chicago DSA (March 8 – 15)
March 8, 2020
This Week In The Chicago DSA (February 9 – 16)
February 9, 2020
Upcoming Events
Election Day Canvassing!
November 3 @ 6:00 am
-
7:00 pm
CST
DSA National Election Watch Party
November 3 @ 9:00 pm
-
11:59 pm
CST
Rally to Defend the Election
November 4 @ 5:00 pm
CST
View All Events