CDSA Endorses Carlos Ramirez-Rosa Campaign – Chicago DSA
Toggle navigation
Home
Contact
Media
Talkin’ Socialism
Midwest Socialist
Events
Branches and Working Groups
Constitution
Join Us
Search for:
CDSA Endorses Carlos Ramirez-Rosa Campaign
Posted
December 27th, 2017
By
Lucie Macias
|
Categories
Electoral
Latest News
The Chicago Democratic Socialists of America are proud to announce our endorsement of Carlos Ramirez-Rosa in his run for the 4th Congressional District of Illinois.
Carlos has been a loyal comrade of CDSA for several years, and, during his time as alderman for the city’s 35th Ward, has repeatedly demonstrated that he both believes in and actively works for the values we hold in common. His dedication to the working-class Latinx community and his dedication to opposing gentrification, fighting for fair wages and community services, and his bold opposition to ICE and their predatory anti-immigrant activities have been inspirational to those of us in Logan Square, where he was born and raised.
Throughout his political career, Carlos has never shied from identifying as a Democratic Socialist, even when it came at a personal cost. He stood by CDSA when outsiders attempted to smear him for his support of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement; he has represented Chicago’s poor, Latinx, and queer communities against the austerity measures imposed by neoliberal mayor Rahm Emanuel; and his was the sole vote against the costly and unneeded $95 million expenditure on an academy for training the city’s deeply corrupt and compromised police department.
During the last year, Carlos has worked closely with CDSA on training our Rapid Response Working Group to train community defense committees against anti-immigrant crackdowns, and our Health Care Working Group to advance the cause of universal health care. He is unapologetically in favor of socialist approaches to the workplace, education, and social justice. He has inspired us with his speeches, his tireless work for his community, and his unflagging vision of a better world for us and our fellow citizens.
After an overwhelming vote by our membership in favor of this endorsement, we give the Carlos Ramirez-Rosa campaign our endorsement, and hail him as precisely the kind of determined progressive that the Democratic Socialists of America should be backing throughout the country as part of our efforts to build a transformative socialism in the 21st century.
Share this:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Related
Tags:
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa
Post navigation
Previous
Previous post:
Remembering Bill Pelz
Next
Next post:
Chicago Democratic Socialists of America Endorses Anthony Clark for Congress in the IL 7th District
Get in Touch
The greater Chicago chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America.
773.384.0327
3411 W. Diversey Ave, Room 7, Chicago
IL 60647
Latest News
This Week in the CDSA (April 8 – April 15)
April 8, 2018
Rachel’s Bowl-a-Thon Story
April 5, 2018
This Week In The Chicago DSA (April 1 – April 8)
April 1, 2018
Latest Tweets
RT
@existentialcoms
: Remember, we produce more with less labor than we ever have before in history. If you are poorer than your parents whi…
15 hours ago
RT
@RawrLawra
: Capitalism beats down the joy and dignity of hard workers who want to do a good job and help people. It rewards cutting corn…
15 hours ago
RT
@rachelzibrat
: socfem
@ChicagoCityDSA
is also hosting a very fun fundraiser happening at Lo Rez Brewing this Saturday for the Bowletaria…
15 hours ago