Former Wall Street executive Marty Dolan campaigns for second time to challenge AOC – Bronx Times
Politics
Former Wall Street executive Marty Dolan campaigns for second time to challenge AOC
By
Emily Swanson
…
Comments
Posted on
April 14, 2026
Marty Dolan, a retired Wall Street insurance executive, is campaigning for the second time to challenge Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, whom he criticizes for being too far left for many New Yorkers.
Photo courtesy Dolan campaign
For the second time, retired Wall Street insurance executive Marty Dolan is campaigning to challenge Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to represent NY-14, which includes parts of the Bronx and Queens.
Dolan, running as a “new progressivist” Democrat, told the Bronx Times that his Congressional primary bid is built around bold policies that give young people a good start toward becoming taxpaying adults — and reward their parents for bringing them up wisely.
The far left, specifically the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) party, saw a major boost with Zohran Mamdani’s mayoral win, and the local chapter recently
re-endorsed
Ocasio-Cortez.
Despite this reinvigoration, Dolan said he sees growing movement toward centrist candidates like him, who believe that the far left “has seen its peak.”
New Yorkers need an “inspiring common sense candidate” instead, he said.
Dolan’s platform involves overhauling much of the current policy menu, including the tax system, while leaving more specific concerns to city and state government.
He said the left has incorrectly embraced a style of governance that says, “‘We’re gonna have a revolution, and everyone’s gonna think the way we think.’
It’s never gonna happen,” Dolan said.
‘Policies, not protests’
Dolan, who is funding his own campaign, previously ran in 2024
against Ocasio-Cortez
, who ultimately
sailed to victory
with more than 80% of the vote. He also recently ran for
NYC public advocate
as a member of the Unity Party, which he founded.
In that primary, Dolan received 90,000 first-choice
votes
, or 9.4%, and, unburdened by the need to raise money, spent much time listening to people on the ground and developing his strategy for New York City and the country as a whole.
In talking policy, Dolan often invokes the country’s founding fathers who created the “phenomenal architecture” of the Constitution, which he said represents teamwork and compromise above all.
Coming from a family with nine siblings and 20 first cousins, Dolan said he understands the benefits and limitations of collaboration.
“You won’t always get what you want. That doesn’t mean you burn the place down,” he said.
Dolan said today’s lawmakers at the federal level should think bigger and simpler. He criticized Democrats like Ocasio-Cortez for “asking for too many little programs and not enough big ones” and looking out for too many “niche needs” — an example being the rights of transgender people.
As a Congress member, policies for one’s own district should be expansive and able to be replicated, even in other cities, Dolan said.
His foundational idea is that the federal government should “create a framework for young people and families to grow” — specifically, to “grow great 25-year-olds” who support themselves without relying on government handouts.
Dolan said supporting young people from age 10 to 25 is most crucial for getting them started strong. Without that support, they struggle to get good-paying jobs and end up “kinda draining resources,” sometimes for decades, he said.
In his view, government must create the optimal conditions for young people to become future earners.
“You can’t really grow a plant. It grows — but you can create the environment where it has the best chance to grow,” he said.
One of Dolan’s big ideas is to eliminate income taxes for young workers. Most people earn little from jobs in their teens and early 20s, then increase earnings in older adulthood, then earn less again as seniors. But Dolan believes the current tax system takes too much money too soon, leaving young adults with limited resources at exactly the wrong time.
Instead, he proposes “Fast Start” accounts, which would give young earners their tax deductions back at age 26, up to $25,000.
In addition, parents would receive a 10% rebate on their kids’ lifetime taxes, creating an “investor” mindset towards raising productive, taxpaying residents, he said.
Dolan said this mindset can also be applied to housing, even for NYCHA tenants.
Currently, NYCHA residents end up trapped in a cycle in which they can’t earn too much income without getting kicked out, he said.
Instead, Dolan proposes giving families the option to stay in their NYCHA unit; take $40,000-$50,000 in cash to move out, creating a home for someone else; or, if they have an apartment worth $150,000, for example, to take an $80,000 mortgage, giving them a $70,000 equity stake.
These kinds of policies would bring everyone “on the team” where they are contributing, not taking, he said.
To Dolan, the concept of raising productive individuals who contribute to society is common among nearly all cultures and backgrounds. But he believes that New York has too many safety nets in place.
“You can’t go around the corn fields holding up all the corn,” he said.
He also makes it clear that these policies must help Americans before immigrants. Though his own father was an immigrant from Argentina, the true responsibility of the U.S. government is to provide for American people first, Dolan said.
Towards immigrants, “I understand there’s a sympathetic feeling, but it’s not our purpose,” he said. “It’s clear that our resources and energy have been diverted on helping grown people or adults or kids from other countries.”
‘The perfect opponent’
Dolan said his campaign appeals to those who believe that lefty Democrats — and liberal cities overall — have gotten out of control.
He believes he is actually “farther to the left of many progressives — and they criticize me because I got a short haircut and a button-down shirt.”
Dolan said while he may not have Ocasio-Cortez’s star power, his ideas would make a generational difference in New Yorkers’ lives.
“My campaign’s gonna be, I have $25,000 for your kid, and a free apartment for you,” he said. “There’s nothing more important than that.”
As for taking on Ocasio-Cortez — who is surrounded by speculation about a potential 2028 presidential bid — Dolan said she is the “perfect opponent.” Her campaign did not respond to request for comment.
In Congress, Ocasio-Cortez has “done jack for New York City, the Bronx and Queens — whereas 10 years from now, I’ll be there saying I’ve put 20 million bucks into the pockets of kids who are 25-year-olds in the Bronx,” Dolan said. “That’s the same as Johnny Appleseed planting seeds.”
Dolan said Ocasio-Cortez is an exciting leader and “a magician with crowds, but her policies are nonexistent.”
“There is a wide opening for a candidate like me,” he said. “It’s just waiting to happen.”
Reach Emily Swanson at
eswanson@schnepsmedia.com
or
(646) 717-0015
. For more coverage, subscribe to our
newsletter
and follow us on
Twitter
,
Facebook
and
Instagram
!
About the Author
Emily Swanson
Emily Swanson is a reporter at the Bronx Times and 2023 graduate of the CUNY Craig Newmark Graduate School of Journalism. Originally from Minneapolis, MN, she now lives in the South Bronx neighborhood of Port Morris. She enjoys cooking, photography and rooting for the Knicks, Timberwolves, Liberty and Yankees.
All comments are subject to our
Community Guidelines
. Schneps Media does not endorse the views shared by readers in our comment sections.
Related Articles
In the Bronx, Bernie Sanders rallies thousands who support taxing the rich
NYC Mayor’s Race: Five big takeaways from
record-setting
election that helped Mamdani win
Op-ed
|
Are we on the cusp of an era of Jewish alienation in NYC?
NYC Mayor’s Race: Democratic nominee Zohran Mamdani says he’s preparing to lead, but isn’t taking anything for granted
Jobs in New York
Add your job
The Melillo Center for Developing Minds
Therapy Assistant, Medical Assistant, OTA or COTA to work with patients in Autism Center
SHURWAY AUTO REPIAR
PREP/POLISHER NEEDED FOR AUTOBODY SHOP IN BAY RIDGE BROOKLYN (bay ridge brooklyn)
Zwirko Ortmann & Hugo Architects, P.C.
Architectural Designer Residential
View all jobs…
Crime
Bronx man charged in botched robbery that left
Brownsville
restaurant worker dead
Off-duty FDNY lieutenant saves neighbor from burning Bronx home
Bronx residents raise concerns over conditions of the Throggs Neck Volunteer Ambulance Corps
Bronx man convicted for
hit-and-run
collision that left Astoria father gravely injured during chaotic police chase: DA
Bronx
grandmother
pleads for friends of teen killed in shooting to aid police as she mourns at Brooklyn service
Things to do in the Bronx
Post an Event
Tomorrow, 9 am
Preeclampsia Prevention Campaign Launch Event
Price center- Montefiore Einstein
Tomorrow, 5:30 pm
Gardeners’ Party Honoring Our American Elm
Wave Hill
Sept. 25, noon
Plant Sale
Wave Hill
Sept. 25, 6:30 pm
Midnight, Jazz & Langston: Navigating Kindred Spirits
Bronx River Art Center
Sept. 26, 8 pm
GRUPO GALÉ & SONORA CARRUSELES @Lehman Center, Saturday, Sept. 26, @8PM
Lehman Center for the Performing Arts
Oct. 1, 6 pm
Join Us at a Shore Road Bridge Public Hearing!
Pelham Bay & Split Rock Golf Courses
Oct. 2, 6 pm
First Friday with Warren Banholzer
Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum
Oct. 2, 8 pm
Morrisania Band: Autumn Soul Party at The Artist
The Artist
View All Events…
News
Signal issues: Council presses City Hall over influencer records as admin declines to send key official
MTA boss Lieber says agency’s targeting ‘kooky’ work rules, health insurance
contributions
in labor talks with transit union
At Gracie Mansion, Trump says it ‘feels like a home’ as Mamdani advances Sunnyside Yard talks
Bronx man charged in botched robbery that left
Brownsville
restaurant worker dead
Opening of new Bronxdale Nursery playground celebrated with
ribbon-cutting
ceremony
Things to do in the Bronx
Full calendar
Home Pros
Find a pro
More from Around NYC
New York Family
10 Best Free Kids & Family Activities in NYC:
Sept 23-29
amNY
Signal issues: Council presses City Hall over influencer records as admin declines to send
key official
Schneps Podcasts
Ali Leipzig, Thank You For
Coming Out
Gay City News
LGBTQ vets celebrated in NYC 15 years after Don’t Ask, Don’t
Tell repeal